Congratulations to the Son of Heaven for his surrender
A thousand years
Congratulations to the Son of Heaven and the earth of Kyushu
Congratulations to the Son of Heaven
Congratulations to the emperor for unifying the nine states
Congratulations to the Son of Heaven for reviving Kyushu
You are too shameless
Why are you not a citizen of the continent?
emperor
I think Yang Fan's recovery of the Three Kingdoms this time is indispensable
You can pay homage to him
Good Yang Fan
This time you recapture the three kingdoms
Great achievements
I make you a general of our country
How to Overcome the Resentment of Calming Qi
You haven't thanked the Son of Heaven
The previous suspicion of weapons will fail
Do you think I'm being fooled?
If there is anything wrong with it before
Then now I have made you a general of Zhenguo
What else is wrong?
Yao Fan, don't go too far
I'm too much. Who was it just now who was going to betray the country for glory?
Who wants to cut off the land for compensation?
Who caused the damnation?
I'm afraid Kyushu is right
Someone must be held responsible for the retribution
Zhou Tianyu, you are so shameless
We don't surrender to you
Great Zhou Tianzi
You deserve it too
you
Although our three countries are an army of officials
You still want to be a fisherman
Dream on.
Kneel and abdicate
Kneel down, abdicate, not kneel